# NetCoin
Why NETCOIN (NET) Netcoin, like anything else in the world, is “worth” what we as a species value it to be.  Which, of course then begs the question, why should we value Netcoin?  For starters:  It’s a safer way to use/spend/receive money than Fiat (for example….USD/GBP/CNY) It’s a faster way to send/receive money than Fiat It’s not subject to the inflation escalations we’ve observed with fiat currencies of recent It’s built off of and developed from the same trusted technology as Bitcoin It’s Faster than Bitcoin You can earn up to 100% interest on the amount of NET you own and store in your personal wallet* Current Value of NET NET (NET) 0.00000037 BTC ↑ NET (NET) 0.00024805 USD ↑ NET (NET) 0.00164974 CNY ↑ NET (NET) 0.00022426 EUR ↑ Updated 12 July 2016 17:42:32 UTC+1:00 Powered by Cryptonator BASICS FOR GETTING STARTED GET NET  One of the First things to do (besides saying hi to the community) is to obtain your own NET wallet.  This fantastic little secure and safe program operates as your own Personal Bank.  The wallet is where your NET are securely stored and also where you will Deposit, Withdraw, and Send your NET. ADD NET  Next, you’ll want to add some NET to your wallet (Why?  Because you can earn interest…or what’s called “minting”, on every NET you hold in your wallet that’s connected to the Network). USE NET  Now you can start to use NET just like you would money.  The number of Merchants accepting NET is growing, and the more we build (the community, NET features, NET acceptance), the sooner we’ll be able to use NET for everyday transactions. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What is Netcoin (NET)? Netcoin is a global cryptocurrency that was created in September, 2013.  Originally based on litecoin’s coin core, it has since been developed and upgraded to include custom coin code making it unique from every other crypto.  What’s its algorithm? Every coin has an algorithm (or put another way, its base code).  Netcoin is a scrypt Proof of Work / Proof of Stake hybrid.  How can I get NET? The easiest method of obtaining NET at the present time is by asking for some :)  We’ll gladly get you set up if you ask (with your own wallet and Netcoins).  After that, you can exchange your Fiat currency for satoshi (or bitcoin), and then trade that for NET on several exchanges.  How much is this going to cost me? Netcoin is free to use.  This is unlike current banks and “payment processors”…where you are charged 1%, 2% or sometimes upwards of 5% for using their services.  With NET, you have the ability to send as little or as much money as you’d like to anyone else that has a NET wallet.  It’s that simple.  How can I help NET? Simple! By telling your friends, family, neighbors and even pets! Netcoin is a very easy and friendly cryptocurrency that anyone can understand! By spreading the knowledge about Netcoin further we will all grow together and rise to the new futures that we all have before us!  Additionally, feel free to contact us if you’d like to help support Netcoin in a more official manner.
